requestor-provider-interaction (#262)
golemfactory/golem-docs: src/pages/docs/creators/javascript/examples/composing-tasks.md

{% codefromgithub url="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/golemfactory/golem-sdk-task-executor/master/examples/docs-examples/examples/composing-tasks/alert-code.mjs" language="javascript" /%}

{% /alert %}

### Running commands and collecting output as a stream

Here are two examples of how to run a command and collect its output as a stream.

#### Basic runAndStream scenario

In the first example, we run a command that produces both stdout and stderr outputs that we pass to the console. This command will terminate on its own after ten cycles.

{% codefromgithub url="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/golemfactory/golem-sdk-task-executor/beta/examples/docs-examples/examples/composing-tasks/streams/stream-onclose.mjs" language="javascript" /%}

#### runAndStream scenario with timeout defined

> In this example, we show how to use `remoteProcess.waitForExit()` to terminate the process. Note that in the current implementation, the exit caused by timeout will terminate the activity on a provider, therefore the user cannot run another command on the provider. Task executor will run the next task on another provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we show how to use `remoteProcess.waitForExit()` to terminate the process. Note that in the current implementation, the exit caused by timeout will terminate the activity on a provider, therefore the user cannot run another command on that specific provider. The task executor will instead run the task on another provider.
```
